and now for another edition of
neil degrasse tyson reads mean
tweets
Josh from school that's his
Twitter handle josh from school
neil tyson is such a dweeb
nobody watches science fiction
movies for the science i
wouldn't say nobody watches the
science-fiction movies for the
science i would say for sure
josh from school doesn't want
science fiction movies for the
science but if you watch science
fiction movies for the science
you can get ideas about how to
invented tomorrow so among all
those who are inventing tomorrow
i do not expect to see josh from
school among twitter handle put
your knife in me that's creepy
you can respect neil degrasse
tyson as much as you want
doesn't change the fact that he
seems like the worst person to
watch movies with first let me
set something straight during a
movie I don't say a thing
it's after the movie I talk
second i know i'm not the worst
person to see movie with and I
think you'll agree with me on
this works person to see a movie
with is the person who read the
book first
oh my god oh that didn't happen
in the book that character by
tonight that'd be me
we'll get the hell out of the
movie theater nobody told you to
come on Stan will go back to
your damn book
this is from Bryn wolf neil
degrasse tyson has ruined me for
size space movies I can't watch
a flight scene without getting
annoyed at hearing wind
yep join the club
what's one from World chimps
Neil Tyson you seem to take
pleasure proving Hollywood space
movie is wrong why can't you
just enjoy space themed movies
their entertainment i agree
their entertainment and I do
enjoy them suppose you went to
see a period piece took place in
the middle 19th century and
people come out in their in
their gowns and their hoop
skirts or whatever they were
wearing of the day and then
someone shows up in tie-dyed
bell-bottoms
you would cry foul you would say
that is inaccurate because at
that time
tie-dye bell-bottoms didn't
exist yet and you would say you
were taken out of the moment of
the suspended disbelief of that
film you were denying me the
scientists the same right of
commentary on whether a director
or producer did their homework
first fill the pastor come on
Neal I get it
science movies excites you but
you gotta chill with the
spoilers i agree i don't intend
to spoil anything I if I happen
is not on purpose so here's one
JT LOL hashtag when I was your
age
riffing on my series of tweets
when I was your age I spoiled
movies like that jerk
he'll take that concludes
another episode of neil degrasse
tyson reads mean tweets